[Music]
the Parrs a family of superheroes pursue
the Underminer although he robs the
Metro Vil Bank and escapes they stop his
drill tank from destroying City Hall
with help from Frozone however the
government concerned by the collateral
damage shuts down the superhero
relocation program
leaving the Parrs without financial
assistance from agent rick dicker violet
Parr has her superhero identity
discovered during the Underminer attack
by Tony a boy whom she is supposed to go
on a date with dicker interviews him and
erases his memory that night Lucius
informs Bob and Helen of an offer from
Winston Dever the owner of dev tech a
telecommunications corporation Winston
and his sister Evelyn propose a
publicity stunt to regain public trust
in superheroes Winston chooses Helen to
spearhead the stunt under her old
identity Elastigirl as she causes less
property damage and provides the power
family with a new home while helen is
away bob struggles with his new role as
a stay-at-home parent - has trouble with
math violet becomes withdrawn after Tony
stands her up and Jack Jack wreaks havoc
with his burgeoning superpowers Bob
brings Jack Jack to Edna mode who
develops a suit to control his abilities
meanwhile Elastigirl confronts and
captures the screen slaver a
supervillain who projects hypnotic
images using television screens she
unmasks him to find a delivery man with
no recollection of his actions at a
party celebrating the screen slavers
arrest
Winston announces a summit of world
leaders to legalize superheroes to be
hosted aboard his luxury ship unsettled
by the ease with which she captured the
screen slaver Elastigirl realizes that
he was being controlled by a pair of
mind control goggles
Evelyn forces the goggles onto her
revealing herself as the mastermind
behind the screen slaver
Evelyn explains she has hated
superheroes since gazer beam and fire
onic failed to rescue her father from
being killed by burglars she plans to
sabotage her brothers summit and caused
a catastrophe that will tarnish the
reputation of superheroes using it
hypnotized Elastigirl
she learns mr. incredible into a trap
then sends other hypnotized superheroes
to subdue the power children Frozone
tries to protect them but is overwhelmed
and placed under Evelyn's control as
well violet - and Jack Jack escaped with
the help of the incredibile a hi-tech
car once owned by Bob during his time as
mr. incredible and reached Winston's
ship on board the hypnotized mr.
incredible
Elastigirl and
zone recite a vindictive manifesto on
air to paint superheroes as a threat
they subdue the crew aim the ship at
Mina subvert and destroy the controls
Jack Jack removes the goggles from a
last girl who then frees mr. incredible
and Frozone the pars and Frozone
released the other mind-controlled
superheroes by destroying their goggles
with mr. incredible swimming underwater
to turn the rudder and Frozone creating
layers of ice they slow the ship and
prevent it from crashing into the city
evelyn escapes in the jet but is
captured by Elastigirl superheroes
around the world regain legal status
later Tony accompanies violet and her
family to a movie outside the theatre at
the par spot a high-speed pursuit
between police and gunman violet leaves
Tony at the theater and promises to
return in time for the film before the
pars chase after the gunman in a
refurbished incredibile
[Music]
you